ice hunters we will freeze all of Chima
father why have you summoned me our
scouts have spotted strange creatures
moving towards the Eagles fire
you must investigate Laval what's
happening we have to get the Eagle spire
fast let's go feel the freeze die son
incoming vehicles good our chance to try
out the new tank watch out
cragger shoot up a croc flower
lifedomus a spider croc play fool ah the
boy the warship yes Bob sir
when spotting reinforcements mola
Chauvin the wrath of the mammoth ice
tompa also while you're up there
do me a favor and tear down the pathetic
eagle spire
time to take up arms and fight this not
the throng there's too many of them run
that's right Ron stuff Oh tell me what
do you see when you see these Eagle ruin
I see a bunch of cruddy villains but if
you look past those Eagle ruins then
what do you see I see only more
congenial stuff a store for you lack all
imagination when I see this I see the
perfect place for a new fortress now
let's just hope the Phoenix don't come
along and ruin everything like they did
last time